okay hey guys welcome back to pinky
dollars channel okay I'm sure right
through this really quick um I left off
we're right here I what I did with the
rest of the hair was I just bring it
straight to the back ball around and I
just braided it right here and one thing
braid and I just connect it over here
I'm not really just going to sew it down
cuz i'm going to be using a week cap
okay first what i want to do is I'm just
going to show you guys how I'm going to
break this by the invisible part come on
my part to be a little current life so
are the way I want it
ok
see that
first what I'm going to do is I'm going
to take it here early
I'm just adhered to the other side so I
can't get a more equal sorta equal side
to um well for the light visible part
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
bring it all the way over anyone to
start braiding
all the way a real a branch Barnes
inside is Yuki
ok now that I showed you that I'm going
to come back when I'm finished and what
it started by